Baseline Analytics, Industry Advisory Board Overview
The Baseline Analytics Industry Advisory Board (IAB)
Roles and Governance
Purpose 
Purpose of the Baseline Analytics Industry Advisory Board is to bring world-class
executives with proven industry connections & experience into the Company as
outside intelligence to internal leadership. Advisors will be chartered onto known
industry topics that can aid overall outbound strategy, accelerate the roadmap and
address key strategic initiatives. 
The IAB is a sophisticated advisement vehicle meant to strengthen Baseline
Analytics outbound capability & understanding within consumptive industry
segments. There is huge value to be derived from maximizing the power and
intellect of an IAB constituency. Confirming company strategic directions, key
differentiation & advantages, introducing possible commercial partnerships, and
aid with ambient noise from across many industry segments to promote Baseline
Analytics brand and technology assets. In addition, the IAB gives the company
new executive touch points inside prospective industry segments including
potential customers, resellers, partners and alike. 
Charter 
The IAB is an industry innovation council designed to advise CEO Chase Spivey
on rationalizing and improving GTM strategy. Identifying industry segment use 
cases, trial adoptions and Channel /Reseller partnership opportunities. 
The IAB operates as a “think tank” with all IPR attributable to Baseline Analytics ,
and all conversations and information discussed within the IAB being subject to
agreed client confidentiality terms. 
Advisory Board Support 
Led by CEO Chase Spivey and COO Sheldon McClelland, the IAB Plan is to
architect, build and manage all interactions of a handpicked Industry Advisory
Board. Each member will be vetted and mutually agreed upon for ratification with
CEO Chase Spivey. This IAB Program will be primarily responsible to help define
and aid outbound strategy, channels, customers, partnerships & innovations for
Baseline Analytics .